---
layout: post
author: R-ALMUHANNA
title: Sample to Create Pagination
---


## why this blog

The aim behind this is to keep it to myself. Nowadays, every time I listen to “Million Years Ago,” this part hits me hard:

I know I'm not the only one
Who regrets the things they've done
Sometimes I just feel it's only me
Who can't stand the reflection that they see
I wish I could live a little more
Look up to the sky, not just the floor
I feel like my life is flashing by
And all I can do is watch and cry

I believe these lyrics accurately describe who I was as a child—I expected more of myself but never became the person I envisioned. Lately, I’ve been reflecting on why that is, and it seems to boil down to two things: not taking action and not building mental toughness. That realization is what prompted me to write this blog.

At this stage in my life, I sometimes feel like I was ahead in the past, full of potential, yet nowadays I feel kind of behind. While reading The Hard Thing About Hard Things by Ben Horowitz, I noticed that Andreeson, whose personality and interests (like the history of computer science) are similar to mine, stands apart because he takes action and masters his craft.

I also wonder whether my current motivation comes from external influences or still stems from within. Dr. Mazin discussed self-motivation theory, and I’m certain that as a child, my drive was entirely internal. I hope that remains the case—or that I learn to cultivate it that way.

My four-year plan echoes Badi’s vision: never to look back and say, “I could have done more. I had more potential.” I have lived with that regret before, and I refuse to let it happen again.

## Main theme

Currently, I'm planning to focus on building toughness and taking action as the main categories to hold me accountable. Additionally, I'll include a "random" category for any thoughts or experiences I feel the need to share or keep to myself.